- Add real balance change in 24H to wallet show route


Dark theme has alot off issues when comparing it to Figma design, 
please note that both Light and Dark theme should be 1:1 for Figma design when it comes to colors, forms, etc.
General
    1. Notification icon color should be white in dark mode
    2. If charts have no data just show green line
    3. Alert colors for example when creating a new wallet doesn't match dark theme
    4. Most colors on buttons, alerts, icons and actions on tables, doesn't match dark theme
    5. Most placeholders are not showing in dark theme

Overview
    1. Text on third chart "Current Order Volumn" should be "Today's Order Volume"

Sales Statistics
    1. Sales chart not working?
    2. Allow all orders to have options to mark as complete or refunded even if order is success
    3. Colors on order actions like "Mark as complete" is incorrect, should be white to match dark theme (only on dark theme)

Wallets
    1. Colors on wallet actions like "Edit" is incorrect, should be white to match dark theme (only on dark theme)
    Wallet Manage
        1. 24H balance change not showing
        2. Color for changing wallet status doesn't match theme
        3. Color for when wallet is inactive is green, should be grey
        4. Statistics not working
        5. Instead of current balance being in USD, it should be match the corresponding crypto. Only show USD on right card
        Wallet Creation
            1. Instead of showing validation errors under the fields, show validation errors attached to their own fields.
        Wallet withdraw
            1. No front end validation on withdraw, for example if send to field is empty doesnt say anything. 
            Should validate if address input is a address corresponding to the wallet crypto
            2. No placeholder on withdraw
            3. Button should be disabled/grey when input is wrong
            4. Can't input any withdrawal amount.
            5. Can't switch between USD/BTC
            6. Can't add any note
            7. Colors when buttons are blue should be white to match dark theme
            8. To field should open link to blockchain explorer with address. Example: https://www.blockchain.com/btc/address/1Hfs87Y7puhtmJronqy7WPmPxfH6SoTrxX
            9. Not shown in Figma design, but add back button to maybe change address
            10. To get transaction fee make post request to /api/v1/wallet/fee

Developer
    1. Remove text "Current API Version" and "Active version" and change to just "Developer dashboard"
    2. Charts showing numbers, but no actual chart.
    API Keys
        1. Table is still shown when there is no API Keys https://prnt.sc/26f25rs
        2. When creating API Key it says "Create HTTP Endpoint"
        3. When API key is created it should also say something like "Store your API key somewhere safe, we can't show it again"
        4. When API key is created it still shows API Key Name field, should just be a close button
    Webhooks
        1. Table is still shown when there is no Webhooks, same as API Keys
        2. Clicking on a wallet takes user to wallet edit page, should take to wallet manage page
    Logs
        1. Nothing is working here, why?
Settings
    1. "Edit" text right to profile pic should be removed
    2. Remove option to change name.
    3. No way of adding two step authentication


If charts have no data just show green line
The datasets array should have 0 items, at now it has 2 items so I can’t know if it has data or not.
Allow all orders to have options to mark as complete or refunded even if order is success
OK for complete, what’s refund api?
24H balance change not showing
What field/api route for it?
Wallet Manage: Statistics not working
Are you sure it has data? I coded it already for /wallet/${id}/statistics
Wallet withdraw: Can’t input any withdrawal amount, Can’t switch between USD/BTC, Can’t add any note
I see in postman the only field for /wallet/2eecc9a3-e963-4683-b742-231142448436/withdraw is address, what’s the field for the others? I also didn’t see them in design
To get transaction fee make post request to /api/v1/wallet/fee
I don’t see it in postman, so what’s the params to send?
Developer: Charts showing numbers, but no actual chart
Are you sure it has data? I coded it already for /developer
Logs
Hmm I think we don’t have api for logs in postman?
2FA
What’s the flow to enable this? what to do after user add 2fa (phone)? and after that how to login with 2fa?
And what’s the test route for 2fa?

Wallet withdraw: Can’t input any withdrawal amount, Can’t switch between USD/BTC, Can’t add any note
I see in postman the only field for /wallet/2eecc9a3-e963-4683-b742-231142448436/withdraw is address, what’s the field for the others? I also didn’t see them in design
